>> Rodriguez: So
I want you to open up that starter email,
let me know if you want to look at that
reset code again I added in there.
But I want you to just
take a stab at adding some
content to that email document.
I'll give you a hint that you should
probably use a div as a container for
all of your content.
And you can set some styles
there if you want to, but
just add a couple of headings.
Add an image in there, and
add some texts in there.
Whatever you wanna add in there,
it's placeholder's stuff use.
Fill Murray for images,
placeholders, something like that.
And yeah, we'll take maybe 5 or
10 minutes and
I'll let you guys start
editing that content.
And then we'll look at how I might add
some of that content and some of those got
yous that you need to be aware of
when you're actually coding emails.